capital = 1017

oob = "ALC_1936"

set_convoys = 10
set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

set_stability = 0.30
set_war_support = 0.10

SPR = { set_autonomy = { target = ALC autonomy_state = autonomy_puppet } }

add_ideas = {
	ALC_autonomy_under_supervision
	ALC_self_managed_union_network
	ALC_international_political_isolation
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.2.16"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 53
	fascism = 0
	communism = 47
	neutrality = 0
}

recruit_character = ALC_evaristo_botella
recruit_character = ALC_severino_albaracin_2
recruit_character = ALC_san_mauro
recruit_character = ALC_juan_botella_asensi
recruit_character = ALC_enrique_carbonell_antoli
recruit_character = ALC_salvador_garcia_munoz
recruit_character = ALC_enrique_vano_nicomedes
recruit_character = ALC_amalia_abad_casasempere
recruit_character = ALC_jose_cort_merita
recruit_character = ALC_jose_sanchis_gracia
recruit_character = ALC_antonio_barber_molto
recruit_character = ALC_vicente_camarasa_quiles
recruit_character = ALC_sant_jordi
recruit_character = ALC_manuel_hernandez_arteaga
recruit_character = ALC_copernico_ballester_frances
recruit_character = ALC_modesto_rodriguez_requena
recruit_character = ALC_gerardo_civera_martinez
recruit_character = ALC_vicente_camarasa_jaen
recruit_character = ALC_virgilio_botella_pastor
recruit_character = ALC_rafael_carbonell_blanes

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1938.6.12"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 65
		fascism = 0
		communism = 35
		neutrality = 0
	}
	
	set_stability = 0.50
	set_war_support = 0.20
	
	add_ideas = {
		ALC_autonomy_under_supervision
		ALC_self_managed_union_network
		ALC_textile_industry
		ALC_international_political_isolation
		ALC_paper_production
	}
}
